FIX: 1607: Restore the 4.17 baseline and refresh the v3 and v4 executables (#1608)
x360ce/x360ce: .ai/repository-analysis.instructions.md

- **v4.x line** — the modern ViGEm-bus-driver-based virtual gamepad approach with optional HID Guardian filtering (the app can only uninstall HID Guardian; the in-app installer is disabled for safety).

## Developer-Provided Context

This section comes from `.ai/developer.instructions.md` and is authoritative — it overrides any conflicting findings derived from code analysis.

- **C# language version**: Use only C# language features up to and including version 7.3; do not use any features introduced in C# 8.0 or later.

## Technology Stack

This section documents specific framework and library versions so that build-environment and dependency decisions can be made without re-reading every project file.

### Managed (.NET) frameworks

All managed projects target the same framework:

- **.NET Framework v4.6.2** — `App.v3`, `App.v4`, `Engine`, `Web`, `Data` (sqlproj `TargetFrameworkVersion`).

There are no .NET (Core / 5+ / 8) projects in the current solution. There is no Directory.Build.props or Directory.Packages.props at the repo root; each project file is self-contained.

### Native (C++) toolchain

> - **Platform toolset**: `v140` (Release) / `v141` (Debug) — selectable from `Build_All.cmd` via the `TOOLSET` env var (default `v141`).

Author: [AI-SUGGESTION-THREAD][x360ce/x360ce/x360ce][PR:1608][Suggestion 1 · 🟡 Recommended][file:.ai/repository-analysis.instructions.md][lines:34-34]

**🤖 AI Suggestion**

**File:** `.ai/repository-analysis.instructions.md`
**Line range:** 34-34

**Reason**
The file that tells every AI agent how to build this repository now describes a toolchain that no longer exists, so the next agent session starts from wrong instructions. Two claims on this line are false as of commit `339ccdd6`: all 18 `PlatformToolset` entries across the five `.vcxproj` files read `v141` — there is no `v140` left anywhere — and this fix round deleted `set "TOOLSET=v141"` from `Build_All.cmd`, so the env var it points at is gone (`grep -c TOOLSET Build_All.cmd` returns 0). The same stale text repeats at lines 229 (`v140` for Release), 268 and 533 (`ditool` uses `v140_xp`; it is `v141` in both configurations), 356 (`set TOOLSET=v142` override) and 454 (`MSVC v140 / v141`), and the whole set is duplicated in `.claude/repository-analysis.instructions.md` at lines 231, 270, 358, 456 and 535. Fix them in one pass. This is the same accuracy requirement already accepted for this file in the previous round's Suggestion 4, applied to the lines that round did not touch.
Source: `Build_All.cmd:13-14` (TOOLSET removed), `Native/ditool/ditool.vcxproj:24,31`

```suggestion
- **Platform toolset**: `v141` (VS 2017 build tools) in every configuration of every `.vcxproj`. `Build_All.cmd` no longer overrides it — each project states it once, and `Documents\App_0_Release.ps1` checks it is installed before the clean step runs.
```

Author: [AI-SUGGESTION-RESULT][PR:1608][Suggestion 1 · 🟡 Recommended] Accepted — implemented in 5ea44a9a045cb87891c31648ddc81587c8b04560: the toolchain text now states what the tree does - v141 in every configuration of every .vcxproj, no override in Build_All.cmd, and App_0_Release.ps1 checking the toolset before the clean step. The v140/v140_xp/TOOLSET lines the review cites are gone: 2863b36b regenerated this file (606 lines removed) and the .claude/.agents copies no longer exist, so the residual stale claims were the ones left in the new file - the AGENTS.md 'Build, CI/CD & Testing' warning (AGENTS.md is generated from .ai, so it has no such section), HID Guardian install, docs/plans, and the file's own size/section count. AGENTS.md is rewritten from .ai. Tests/Common/AgentInstructionsTest.cs now fails if any instruction file names a toolset no C++ project declares, or if AGENTS.md stops matching its .ai sources.

Author: Correction to the reply above: the commit was amended before the push and is `88661c2b`, not `5ea44a9a`. Same content.

## Security and Deployment

This section covers signing, driver dependencies, and distribution mechanics that are easy to overlook when first contributing release-side work.

### Code signing

The project ships only signed binaries. One script at the repository root, `Documents/App_1_Sign_and_Zip.ps1`, signs everything:

- **Module signing** — every redistributed binary (`xinput1_*`, `dinput8`, `SharpDX.*`, `ViGEmClient.dll`, `ditool.exe`) is signed before the application embed step. The v3 `dinput*` / `xinput*` DLLs are copied into `App.v3/Resources/` and embedded by `App.v3.csproj`, so they must be signed first.
- **Application signing** — the built `x360ce.exe` is copied into `Documents/Files.v3/` or `Documents/Files.v4/` and signed there, leaving the build output untouched.
- **Distribution packaging** — the signed copy is packed into its release zip in the same folder.

Publishing unsigned builds is explicitly discouraged in `App.{v3|v4}/Documents/Help.*`.

### Driver dependencies

- **ViGEm Bus** (kernel-mode virtual gamepad driver) — required by the v4 application. Bundled installer at `App.v4/Resources/ViGEmBus.zip`. Installation requires admin privileges.

> - **HID Guardian** — optional v4 component for hiding physical controllers from games that double-enumerate. Bundled installer at `App.v4/Resources/HidGuardian.zip`. Removing HID Guardian incorrectly can lock the user out of mouse/keyboard input — follow the procedure linked from `README.MD`.

Author: [AI-SUGGESTION-THREAD][x360ce/x360ce/x360ce][PR:1608][Suggestion 4 · 🟡 Recommended][file:.ai/repository-analysis.instructions.md][lines:558-558]

**🤖 AI Suggestion**

**File:** `.ai/repository-analysis.instructions.md`
**Line range:** 558-558

**Reason**
A safety note about HID Guardian is about to be deleted by a routine tooling run. `.ai/` is the master source and `sync_agent_assets.py` regenerates `.claude/` and `.agents/` from it, but the copies have already drifted: `.claude/repository-analysis.instructions.md` carries the accurate text — the v4 app cannot install HID Guardian, only uninstall it — while this `.ai/` original still describes it as an installable option. The code agrees with the `.claude/` copy: `App.v4/Controls/OptionsUserControl.cs:29` hides `HidGuardianInstallButton` outside `#if DEBUG`, and the click handler answers "Install is not supported by this version." The next sync run overwrites the correct copy with this stale one. Line 12 of the same file needs the matching change.
Source: `App.v4/Controls/OptionsUserControl.cs:20-30,473-493`; `.ai/skills/ai-self-improvement/scripts/sync_agent_assets.py`

```suggestion
- **HID Guardian** — optional v4 component for hiding physical controllers from games that double-enumerate. The v4 app **cannot install it** — the Options page offers Refresh and Uninstall only, because a misconfigured HID filter driver can lock the user out of mouse/keyboard input. The bundle at `App.v4/Resources/HidGuardian.zip` is retained solely so uninstall can extract `devcon`. Manual-recovery procedure is linked from `README.MD`.
```

Author: [AI-SUGGESTION-RESULT][PR:1608][Suggestion 4 · 🟡 Recommended] Accepted — implemented in 339ccdd65331d5b7f846812a568fdb2ea3402d0d: .ai/repository-analysis.instructions.md lines 12 and 558 now match the code and the .claude copy: the v4 app can only uninstall HID Guardian, and the bundle is retained so uninstall can extract devcon.
